Yasmin Mogahed
female Islamic Scholar
Specialist in Spirituality, Relationships, Psychology, and Personal Development. International speaker and author.  Author of Reclaim Your Heart. 
Her ability to relate all intervals of life to one’s relationship with the Creator is a remedy for those seeking comfort and solace in this dunya.

Muniba Mazari
Pakistani activist
Muniba Mazari is a powerful voice for inclusion and diversity in Pakistan.Bearing an iron will befitting the title given to her by the nation, Pakistan's Iron Lady Muniba Mazari's life-changing experience led her to become an activist, artist and a motivational speaker. Mazari was appointed as Pakistan's first National Ambassador for UN Women in December 2015, marking the end of a 16-day campaign against gender-based violence.

Abdul Sattar Edhi
Pakistani humanitarian
Founder of the Edhi Foundation, Karachi, Pakistan, for over forty years Edhi (*1928–†2016) has been working tirelessly in favour of the poorest and destitute. He has created an extremely developed network of aid units, both fixed and mobile, which have allowed humanitarian actions to take place also in other countries. 

Ismail ibn Musa Menk
Islamic scholar
Mufti Menk’s work has gained worldwide recognition and he has been named one of “The Top 500 Most Influential Muslims in the World” since 2010.He has millions of followers across his social media platforms. His personable style and down to earth approach has made him one of the most sought after scholars in our time. He has endeared himself to people with his much loved lecture series, a Mufti Menk hallmark.
Mufti travels the world spreading a simple but profound message: “Do good, help others while preparing for the Hereafter”.

Ayesha Chundrigar
animal welfare activist
Ayesha Chundrigar is a Pakistani animal welfare activist, entrepreneur and journalist.She is founder of the Ayesha Chundrigar Foundation, a non profit animal rescue organization based in Karachi, Pakistan.

cities
Abbottabad
Abbottabad is the capital city of Abbottabad District in the Hazara region of eastern Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. It is the 40th largest city in Pakistan and fourth largest in the province of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa by population.


BUSAN
Busan, a large port city in South Korea, is known for its beaches, mountains and temples. Busy Haeundae Beach features the Sea Life Aquarium, plus a Folk Square with traditional games such as tug-of-war, while Gwangalli Beach has many bars and views of modern Diamond Bridge.

Corsica
Jutting from the foaming Mediterranean like an impregnable fortress, Corsica resembles a miniature continent, with astounding geographical diversity. Within half an hour's drive, the landscape ranges from glittering bays, vibrant coastal cities and fabulous beaches to sawtooth mountain ridges, verdant valleys, dense forests and time-forgotten hilltop villages. 

seoul
Seoul, the capital of South Korea, is a huge metropolis where modern skyscrapers, high-tech subways and pop culture meet Buddhist temples, palaces and street markets. Notable attractions include futuristic Dongdaemun Design Plaza, a convention hall with curving architecture and a rooftop park; Gyeongbokgung Palace, which once had more than 7,000 rooms; and Jogyesa Temple, site of ancient locust and pine trees.

Munich
The city has several of the largest breweries in Germany and is famous for its beer and its annual Oktoberfest celebration. Munich is a major tourist destination and a convention centre. Book publishing and printing and television production are also important.

Kyoto
Kyoto is Japan's third largest city and also one its oldest. Home to many cultural landmarks and historical sites, Kyoto is thought of as the heart of Japan. Kyoto is well known for its traditional festivals which have been held for over 1,000 years and are a major tourist attraction.









